The devil appears in the Western Moon District
Killed many defending officers and soldiers
Report Luo Tu appears in the Southeast District
Report the devil to appear in the North-South District
Killed many defending officers and soldiers
Newspaper motorcycles appear in the southern urban area
soldier
Where was he last seen?
Report that Long Shuai is in Nancheng District
Departure from downtown South is
I want to take the children
All slaughtered goodbye to this camp you are so amazing
Leave you one by one
Hahahahaha
Feng Ding has the guts to fight me to the death
Chen Guan, stop shouting
He's already gone.
The officer did not protect them well
Brother Chu Chen, why don't you rest first?
Report Long Shuai
The subordinates have found out the lower position of every soldier
Where is he?
Go to the abandoned square in July